Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
...outside the wild card.
but a win today
against Washington
could put them back
in position. so we're--
♪ Come on and hold me ♪
♪ Just like you told me ♪
♪ Then show me ♪
♪ What I want to know ♪
♪ Why don't we steal away ♪
♪ Into the night ♪
♪ I know it ain't right ♪
♪ Don't tease me ♪
♪ Why don't you please me ♪
♪ Then show me ♪
♪ What you came here for ♪
♪ Why don't we steal away ♪
♪ Into the night ♪
♪ I know it ain't right ♪
♪ Into the night. baby ♪
♪ Baby. tonight ♪
- Hey. Benson.
- Hey.
Do you know who's working today?
Oh.
All right.
Time to wake up
and act like you give a shit.
No. I don't...
Benson. you are cleaning
the dining room today.
Jess will be on drive-through.
Bradley. front window.
Chris. you're in
the kitchen with me.
Mm.
- Chris?
Chris?
- W... What?
I'm talking to you
is what.
Get your dick out of your ear
and listen when I'm talking.
All right?
Your work's been shit lately.
For fuck's sake.
there's still...
there's still food
under the heat lamp
from you closing last night.
My bad.
Yeah. it is your bad.
It sure is.
It's also fucking unsanitary
and it's fucking disgusting.
Right?
Meeting adjourned.
Let's get it started.
Business as usual. all right?
Move. move. move.
Bradley. Hey. Hang tight.
Come see. I want to talk to you.
My office.
Sit down. Just...
Uh...
What's your last name. Bradley?
It's Bradley.
What?
Uh. Bradley's my last name.
Then what's your first name?
Randy.
How come your name tag
says "Bradley"?
Mm. Well. you gave it
to me.
Huh.
All right. listen. Bradley.
You've been here.
what. a year now?
Uh. Yeah. I guess so.
You like it?
What are your...
plans for the future?
What do you mean?
What do you want to do?
Um...
You taking
any classes now?
Uh. Community college.
something like that?
Not really. no.
Okay.
Right.
Fuck it. Look.
these pricks here.
they don't give two shits
about what we do.
All right?
But I see you.
and you don't fit in.
You do what I say.
You don't talk back.
You do shit around here
I wouldn't even do.
So let me ask you...
Why do you work
so fucking hard at this job?
I-- I... I don't...
-  I don't know.
- Look.
I got some scoop on a new spot
opening up west of Reading.
They're gonna be opening
some manager positions.
I could put in
a good word for you.
This... this is not some
charity bullshit. okay?
I recommend someone
halfway decent.
it makes me look good.
I recommend some fuckup
that loses their shit.
quits after two months.
I get reamed up the ass.
- Know what I'm saying?
- Okay. Yeah.
So...
I need to know
what you want to do.
Oh. um...
W-- Well. I guess--
I don't need
an answer right now.
- Yeah?
Yeah.
Think it over.
Got it?[BREATHES DEEPLY] Yeah.
All right.
All right. go ahead.
Thank you.
Close the goddamn door.
Sorry.
What are you up to
back there. huh?
Sucking Hardy's dick?
- Wasn't talking about me. was he?
- Mm-mm.
I swear.
Good to hear.
If you're lying...
you're dead.
Yeah. can I get
a large Double meal
with a side of pussy. please?
A large side of pussy
with some pussy nuggets.
- "Pussy nuggets"?
And sweet and sour sauce.
Oh. yeah?
Mm-hmm.
I said some pussy.
Oh. yeah?
♪ Pussy. pussy. pussy ♪
Pussy...
Give me some pussy!
- Give me some pussy!
Hey.
♪ Pussy RANDY: Hey. could you--
Could you cut that out?
- What'd you say?
It's just--
What. Bradley?
Why do you fucking care?
Yeah.
What is it?
It's just
a little disrespectful.
That's all.
Mr. Chivalry here
thinks it's disrespectful.
I'm gonna say "pussy" whenever
I feel like saying "pussy."
Don't give me a fucking sermon
about something
you haven't even seen firsthand.
I... I didn't mean...[JESS CHUCKLES] Oh. no.
What's got you
all high and mighty?
Got a new girlfriend? Huh?
Does he have a new girlfriend?
I doubt it.
- No. that can't be it.
- No.
- Boyfriend?
Come on. Bradley.
tell me what's on your mind.
Did you ask a girl out
and she turned you down?
Told you she'd never fuck
a loser like you?
Can you please
just knock it off?
Sure. buddy. I'll knock it off.
Okay.
- If you do me this favor.
Hmm?
Ew.
Eat this burger.
and then I'll shut up.
Come on. Eat the burger.
Then you won't hear shit
the rest of the day.
Chris.
Hmm?
Stop.
What?
You should stop now.
Chris. don't.
Benson.
Why do you fucking care?
Because you made your point.
You made it a while ago.
And now you're just
being a dick.
I've never had
a problem with you.
But if you try to tell me
what I can
and cannot fucking do.
I will have no problem
turning your peaceful
redneck existence
into a living hell.
Do we understand each other?
Sure.
Good to hear.
Now. where were we?
Come on. you know what to do.
Oh. my God.
Hmm. Swallow.
So weird.
The fuck you waiting for?
Take another one.
Oh. my God.
Come on.
More. more. more.
How's that taste?
It's a...
Okay.
See?
That's gross. Come on.
What a guy.
Come on. let's go.
Good job. Bradley.
Let's do it
- in the freezer today.
Chris. no.
There's still a rash
on my ass from last time.
Hey. where were you. buddy?
What the fuck is go...
Stop!
What are you planning
on doing back there. Hardy?
Please don't...
don't... don't do this.
Hey.
Shit.
Shut the fuck up!
Help me
move these two to the back.
Bradley. don't make me do
some "count to ten" bullshit.
Look at this fucking mess.
Take a leg.
Fuck.
Fucking move.
Goddamn.
Where's your phone?
In my jacket.
Go.
Walk.
Move all that shit
out the front seat.
Bradley. I could've killed you
a hundred times by now.
Will you get in the fucking car?
Jesus Christ.
♪ Supersoaker MD50
Useless for a suicide ♪
♪ Six suburban faggots
Cruising useless on a joyride ♪
♪ Soaking down the passersby ♪
♪ Laughing just in time to fly
I'm waiting for you ♪
I know what
you're thinking. Bradley.
♪ Stroking my .380 for
A real fucking homicide...♪
I've already done the math.
Next shift starts at 2:00.
It's 8:30 now.
That's five and a half hours
before anybody gets inside.
That is assuming. of course.
some potential customer
doesn't fucking freak
'cause they can't get
their curly fry fix.
they break a window
or some shit.
So chances are.
five and a half hours
before anybody steps inside.
Now. if we're lucky.
it's gonna be fucking Donnie.
You know.
he'll take it as a blessing.
sees the store's closed.
he's gonna take his ass home.
But if it's Carla.
then she may know
that something's up.
She may call headquarters.
may call the cops.
But I'm thinking...
still gonna be like
at least an hour
before they figure out
what's in the freezer.
then another hour
for them to clean the shit
out of their pants and...
figure out what to do
about a triple homicide
in a town of 10.000 people.
So that's at least...
seven hours from now.
Seven hours.
Man. who knows where
we're gonna be in seven hours?
You hungry?
Let's get something to eat.
♪ Useless for a suicide ♪
Put that on.
Take a seat.
Here you go.
Thank you.
This uh... egg dish?
Mm-hmm?
What is that?
Oh.
that's the specialty.
All righty...
Benson.
Why are we here?
Hmm?
Wh... why...
Why are... are you doing this?
What do you mean?
Oh. you mean like...
Wondering when you were
gonna ask me that.
What can I get for you gentlemen
this fine morning?
Well...
Marsha...
Marsha. Marsha. Marsha.
uh. I got a question for you.
Does the short stack
come with hash browns?
No. just toast.
That's a shame.
- But the omelets do?
- Correct. sir.
Okay. Well. then
it's gonna be a. uh.
western omelet
kind of morning for me.
And for Mister...
Bradley. what is your last name?
It's Bradley.
Your name
is "Bradley Bradley"?
No. my last--
My first name is Randy.
Randy?
Well. two first names.
that's really special.
It's very special. Randy.
Uh. What are you eating?
Um...
I'm fine. thanks.
You know what. let's just
get him a cinnamon bun.
He can snack on that.
Western omelet. cinnamon bun.
Coming right up.
Thanks.
Actually. you know what?
Hold up.
I got another question
for you. Marsha.
Shoot.
How long have you worked here?
'Bout six years now.
And in the dining industry
overall?
Guessing 19.
maybe 20 years.
Right.
-  Long time. huh?
It is a long time.
You lived around here
your whole life?
Why. as a matter of fact.
I have.
You got any kids?
- Yes. Two boys.
Eighteen and twenty-two.
When's the last time
- you talked to them?
Well...
You got a husband?
Well. that's just--When was the last time
you've done something. Marsha?
I--Like. really done something.
Something that mattered.
Nothing springs to mind?
I'm going to go
place your order.
Okay.
Good chat. Marsh.
Don't look at me like that.
You think that
affected her life in any way?
What about me?
What about you what?
What does
this have to do with me?
You mean why are you here
right now?
Because. Randy.
I have been watching you.
and I know for a fact that
you are better than this shit.
You have a full-sized.
honest-to-God.
functioning human brain.
And yet. today. I watched you
eat a day-old cheeseburger
because a walking dick with arms
fucking told you to.
You are twenty years old.
and you are already
more pathetic
than every person
in this godforsaken town.
and that bugs
the living shit out of me.
But there's something
about you. Hmm?
There's something fixable.
And I believe that.
I mean. hell.
when you were standing there...
watching me.
waiting for me to kill you.
That was the only thing
I believed.
Does that answer your question?
Thanks. Marsha.
So. what now. then?
I'm gonna eat my omelet
is "What now then?"
What the fuck
are you doing? Let's go.
I'm actually twenty-one.
What?
Before. you said I was twenty.
but I'm actually twenty-one.
So. how long you been
out of high school?
What is it. like three years?
Two.
I got held back a year.
When?
Second grade.
- Shut the fuck up.
- What?
What do you mean. "What?"
How the fuck
do you fail second grade?
Uh. I... I didn't fail.
I just got held back.
For what?
What'd you do?
You colored outside the lines?
My mom just didn't think
that I was ready.
Sounds like a crock
of bullshit to me. Randy.
- Yeah. maybe.
- No. fucking definitely.
That's some
over-parenting bullshit.
You need to stand up
for yourself.
Don't let them decide
- what's right for you.
- Well. I was only seven.
Still.
Bring that.
This way.
Let's go.
Hey. Ma.
I'll be right back.
Hey. Give me that.
I got you some breakfast.
Thank you.
Benny. did you get me
some cigarettes?
No. Ma.
I forgot your cigarettes.
Benny.
I asked you before you left.
Yeah. well. you know...
...you can
always get 'em yourself. Ma.
Benny. you know
I can't get my cigarettes--
Here's some fucking cigarettes.
Eat your breakfast.
Don't touch anything.
I'll be right back.
Who are you?
Uh. I'm... I'm... I'm a friend.
F... from work.
What's all over your shirt?
Um...
It's ketchup.
I-- I-- I spilled a big...
big thing of ketchup at work.
Doesn't look like ketchup.
Well. it's...
it's just dried now.
It's from a while ago.
Doesn't look like ketchup.
Phone.
Hmm?
Hand me the phone.
I need to make a call.
Okay.
Come on now.
Hand me the damn phone.
Give me the phone.
What the fuck
are you doing?
What the fuck did I say to you?
I said
don't fucking touch anything.
- You think I'm fucking with you?
- I'm just--
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
She... she...
she wanted the phone.
She said she needed
to call somebody.
Who the fuck
do you need to call?
I want to call someone.
Shit. Fucking no phone calls!
Put 'em on.
I just wanted to make
a damn phone call. Benny.
Come on. Walk.
Randy. I think I may have been
sending you some mixed messages.
I think that
when I talked to you
about making your own decisions.
you may have taken that
as a call to action.
And maybe it was.
And maybe that's my fault.
But there's certain decisions...
Certain decisions
that are bad decisions.
Stupid decisions.
And... and they put me
in a difficult position.
They put me in a bind.
Because it forces me
to hurt you...
...when what I really want to do
is help you.
You believe me. don't you?
Because I really
fucking do.
So let's just forget
about everything that happened.
We'll forget
about everything in that house.
and from now on.
the rest of today is about you.
And if I'm gonna help you...
like. really help you...
...then I can't have you
getting in my way.
I need you to work with me.
not against me.
Okay?
So. we square?
Yeah.
We're square.
Super.
Oh. fuck. man.
Let me ask you something.
That stuff Chris was saying
about you not having
a girlfriend. Is that true?
Uh. Yeah. Yeah. it's true.
Are you gay?
No. I'm not gay.
You a virgin?
Uh...
Yeah.
That's good.
- It is?
- Yeah. definitely.
Look. you start having sex.
there's a chance
that whoever you're fucking
is gonna get pregnant.
Then some poor kid's gonna be
stuck with you as a father.
Now. that's nothing personal.
Too many guys
start fucking too early.
they end up with kids
they don't want.
Those kids grow up.
and they find out
they only exist because
they had horny teenage parents.
They start doing crack.
they join a cult.
or worse. they start having
their own unprotected sex.
I'm beginning to think
that most of today's problems
are a direct result
from the fact that teenagers
can't stop themselves
from fucking each other.
So. really.
you're doing the world a favor.
Yeah. I guess so.
You ever had one?
A girlfriend?
Uh. Yeah. yeah. I... I had one.
It was a couple years ago.
What was her name?
Lisa.
Lisa. like the Simpson.
What happened?
Her... her cat died.
What do you mean?
Her cat died. and then we
just sort of stopped dating
after that.
Because her cat died?
Yeah.
Or... kind of.
What-- What are you--
What are you saying to me?
What are you trying to say?
Like. you're saying she said.
"I can't date you
- because my cat died"?
- No.
I didn't--BENSON:
Then what the fuck did she say?
We never really
- talked about it after.
But you were never like.
"Hey. you remember that time
you broke up with me
because of your fucking cat?"
No. not really.
This is.
like. unbelievable!
Randy. no!
Wait. where are we...
where are we going now?
I need cigarettes.
That is unbelievable.
Let's go!
You know. I saw you eyeballing
the gun when that pig drove by.
I need you to remember
what we talked about.
I remember.
Do you?
'Cause I'm not so sure.
Top that off.
I'm gonna go pay inside.
Get in the car.
I got an idea.
So. this Lisa...
...you said
she works at the mall?
Yeah.
Think she's working today?
I don't-- Uh. I don't know.
Maybe. yeah. Sometimes.
she works on the weekends.
Then that's where we're going.
- Really?
- Yes.
Yes! Fuck yes!
Okay... We're gonna go meet Lisa.
Look. this...
This makes so much sense.
We got to... You got to go
and talk to this Lisa...
figure out what her deal is.
figure out why she dumped you...
I-- I--...and then. you know.
you can go. you can make up... I--
...you can become best friends.
you can punch her
- in the fucking face.
- Okay. but you--
I don't care. but it is
imperative that you talk to her.
because this is gonna help you
figure out your shit.
Okay. um. but she--
Well. she might not--
W... what if she's not there?
Don't cross bridges
before you get to 'em. Randy.
♪ I'm gonna go party
With my friends ♪
♪ 'Cause it's not the end
Yeah ♪
♪ It's just the start
We're breaking in ♪
♪ Gonna go out and spend
All of my dollar ♪
♪ With my friends
Once it starts you know ♪...
Hello? Is anyone here?
Just a second.
Hey. how can I...
Randy.
Lisa. hi.
Uh. How are you?
I'm fine.
How are you?
Oh. I'm good.
Yeah.
Since when do you
listen to Motoörhead?
Uh. I don't know. Just recently.
Really?
Yeah.
I-- I-- I like their. um...
I really like their music.
Okay.
So...  ...what's up?
Well. uh. you know.
I was just stopping by.
and I was actually
kinda wondering if we could
- talk for a bit.
- Oh. Now's not really
a good time.
Um. I know it looks dead
in here. but. uh.
I've got a party of
second graders in an hour. so...
Uh.
Well. it... it... it wouldn't...
It wouldn't be that long.
I'm sorry.
but I'm... I'm working.
I'm here to help customers.
Well. we can be customers.
You want to decorate
stuffed animals?
Yeah. Sure.
If you talk to me while I do it.
- Which one?
Uh. T-- What?
Which stuffed animal
- do you want to decorate?
- Oh.  Um...
Uh. Uh. I... How about the.
um... crocodile?
You want one. too?
Let me get a giraffe.
Okay.
Let me go get them
from the back. Excuse me.
♪ All the thousand lies
It comes with no surprise ♪
♪ I'm gonna loud again ♪
♪ I'm gonna go party
With my friends ♪
You're gonna be
a good boy. right. Randy?
Randy. this is fucking weird.
Yeah. I guess it kind of is.
You want to tell me
what's going on?
Yeah.
Um...
I was wondering...
I was wondering
why you broke up with me
after Oreo died.
This is what you wanted
to talk to me about?
Well. we never really
talked about it.
No. I guess we didn't.
So...
It wasn't that I cared
so much about Oreo.
I mean. I did. but...
I... I wanted you
to care about him.
Or I guess I wanted you
to care about the fact
I cared about him.
I wanted you to care
about something. Randy. I...
I had no idea
whether you liked anything.
You were always so closed off.
We... we never talked
about what you wanted to do
or how you felt
about your family
or your friends.
We never even talked about
what happened to you
in second grade.
Look. I...
I know it was unfair of me
to just walk away
like that. but...
...you didn't even try
to chase after me.
Kind of just assumed
it didn't matter to you.
Well.
it did.
Listen. Randy.
I appreciate you coming here. really.
I think it's good that...
that you're trying
to change things up. but...
this just doesn't seem
like the right way to do it.
I don't get this.
And I really don't get him.
Yeah. I guess I'm just kind of
in a weird place right now.
No kidding.
You're spending your Saturday
gluing sequins on a crocodile.
How's it going?
Oh. look at you.
Fucking Picasso.
That's pretty good. Randy.
What are you doing later?
Uh...
I just started my shift. so...
So. like.
if we came back later tonight.
you might still be here?
Uh. we should probably
get going.
Right?
Before all those kids show up?
Right. the kids.
Got the. uh. kids coming.
Right.
You keep up
the good work. huh?
Come on. Randy.
Uh. see you later. Randy.
Let's go.
Um...
Yeah. I'll...
see you.
I'm sure she's
a lovely girl. Randy.
but honestly. I don't think
she's worth the fuss.
Why not?
Well. for starters.
she works in a shopping mall.
Well. what's wrong
with shopping malls?
Oh. I don't know.
They're just the embodiment
of corporate greed
and everything else
that's fucked-up in the world.
Well. we work in fast food.
Isn't that. like.
the same thing?
No. it's not.
People go to fast food places
'cause they need something
to eat.
A mall serves
absolutely no purpose.
They just lump together
every form of consumption
into one giant. glittering.
air-conditioned asshole.
Besides. I don't work
in fast food anymore.
- What the fuck is that?
- That's my cell phone.
Says "Mom."Yeah. uh. I should answer that.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
No. I promise it'll be
much worse if I don't.
- Okay.
- Now make it quick.
- What?
- Just. it's for precaution.
Mm.
Hi. Mom.
That was four rings
before picking up. Randy.
Is something wrong? Uh. no. Mom.
Are you avoiding me? Of course not. Mom.
Uh. It just took me a second.
Where are you? It sounds like
you're outside somewhere.
No. I'm... Well. yes.
I'm-- I'm outside of the mall.
- I'm... I'm with a friend.
He-- He just-- He-- He--
He wanted me
to help him pick out some stuff.
Well. you've been
out of work for a while.
When were you planning
on telling me this?
Do I know
this friend? What's his name?
Hi... his... his name is Benson. You...
You don't know him
but he's a nice guy.
Try not to be too long.
Okay. well. listen. Mom.
I... I should probably--
-  End the call.
Don't forget.
we need you to come home
for dinner.
We're hosting
Haley's dance team tonight.
Uh. Right. right.
Okay. yeah. I-- Hang up the phone.
I have to go. RANDY'S MOM:
And I need you to wear
that white button-down shirt
that I left out for you.
Okay. Bye. Mom.
- Is she always like that?
- Yeah. pretty much.
I don't know what the fuck
is wrong with you. Randy.
but you're never gonna
figure it out if your mom's
dragging you around
by your dick all day.
She's a little too involved...
...in how you make decisions.
Yeah. Guess so.
I mean. she held you back
in second grade
for Christ's sake.
Who the fuck does that?
Yeah.
It's just
micromanaging bullshit.
Listen. you're a fucking adult. Randy.
You need to have
a little self-respect.
Well. there's something
I should tell you.
What?
About when I got held back.
It wasn't just 'cause of my mom.
What do you mean?
Um. there was.
um... there was an incident.
- An incident?
- Yeah.
Um...
- What. like a fire?
- No. not exactly.
What the fuck are you
talking about. then?
I had this teacher.
Miss Beard.
And she was. like. this...
Everyone loved her.
I mean. I loved her.
Only. there was this game
we would play.
Um... it was a...
You know when you're. like.
kicking field goals
- but you're using your fingers?
- Yeah.
And... and the football's
an eraser?
Well. we used to do it with a...
with a folded-up piece of paper.
- but yeah.
- Right.
Well. we did it with erasers.
Okay.
And like I said.
w... we'd all play it.
and. um...
it got really disruptive.
I guess. and one day.
Miss Beard had just
had it with us and...
I was the one
she caught doing it. and so...
she yelled.
And something about it
just made me so angry because...
I was being singled out
even though we'd all done it.
It just seemed so unfair.
and I... I... I'd never--
Sure.
I'd never felt
that angry before.
Yeah.
And so I... I took the eraser.
and I put it to the end
of this stupid plastic ruler.
and I pulled it back
like it was a catapult.
and I shot it. and it went
flying through the air.
It was. like. I'd never seen
something fly so fast.
Um.
And it hit her in the eye.
Like. right in the eye.
You knocked out
your teacher's eye?
No. I didn't...
It didn't knock it out.
It just...
There was. um...
Apparently. there were
some bits of lead...
still on the eraser and...
and they got stuck in her eye.
and they had to remove it.
So you knocked out
your teacher's eye?
I wasn't trying to. Oh. my God.
My God!
Well. it gets worse.
How...  How the fuck
does it get worse
than you knocking out
your teacher's eye?
Well. when she came back.
she had...
she had to wear
an eye patch and--
And all the kids started
calling her Blackbeard.
They wouldn't just--BENSON:
That's fucking incredible.
They wouldn't stop.
And... and then
all the other teachers
started calling her Blackbeard
behind her back.
Like. her life
totally fell apart.
And... and... and then we heard
she wouldn't even. like.
leave the house.
And then after that.
she took a leave of absence.
And so my mom...
she decided it might be best
for me if...
...if I took second grade
all over again.
That's pretty fucked-up.
- Yeah. It is.
- Yeah.
What's she do now?
I think she's back to teaching.
You really fucked up
her life. huh?
Yeah. I guess I did.
God. hey. Hey. Hey.
Come on.
It was an accident.
Forget about it.
It's not the kind of thing
you just forget.
And besides.
it wasn't an accident.
You're seven years old. Randy.
You're not trying
to take your teacher's eye out.
No. listen.
Miss Beard was...
she was... she was special.
-  Randy.
And because of me.
her life was ruined.
You know why I let Chris
walk all over me?
Why I ate
that cheeseburger today?
Because nothing good comes
from me making my own decisions.
The one time I let myself react
the way I wanted to.
I ruined a person's life.
So... yeah. maybe you're right.
Maybe I'm a waste of space.
But at least I don't get
in the way of other... people
trying to be happy.
So. there you go.
You said she still works
at your old elementary school?
Benson.
we don't need to do this.
It's not like...
Benson. Benson.
I'm telling you.
we... we can't do this.
I don't see why not.
Well. it's Saturday.
No one's even here.
Relax.
We're just gonna check it out.
Okay. wait.
Benson. please. please--
- No!
- Cool your jets. Randy.
You-- You can't just m... mess
with other people's lives.
I'm not messing with anybody.
I'm doing this
for your own good.
You say nothing good comes
from you ever reacting?
Well. how about
never reacting at all?
- Do you think that's safer?
Mm-hmm.
Because it's not.
Let me show you.
Do you see what happens
when you do nothing?
Now. I've spent all day
listening to you
come up with excuse after excuse
for being the sad little person
that you are.
And now we're gonna
do something about it.
We're gonna find this fucking
cyclops teacher of yours.
and we're gonna see
if she's really worth
you throwing
your entire life away over.
We're already here.
We've come all this way.
and there is no way
that I am leaving...
...until I see a woman
with an eye patch.
Let's go.
- May I help you?
Yes.
Uh. we were wondering...
does Miss Patricia Beard
still work here?
Yes. she does.
Wonderful.
She wouldn't happen
to be here today. would she?
Well. n... no. gentlemen.
It's Saturday.
We really only have
the janitorial staff
and a few administrators
that pop in.
Yeah. of course. Of course.
That makes sense.
Um.
Well. then you wouldn't be able
to give us her address.
would you?
I'm sorry. but who exactly
am I speaking with?
Oh.
We're. um--
We're former students.
We're just looking
to get in touch with her.
Well. it's really not
within my discretion
to provide you
with our faculty's
personal information.
And I totally get that.
I do. I totally get it.
Um. listen. this is--I'm sorry. but I can't.
No. I... I understand.
This is a very
special situation.
You see. this...
...is Randy Bradley.
Hi.
Come on. miss.
You've worked here
long enough. right?
The Randy Bradley.
with the...
Oh.
- Yeah.
- Well. I...
I don't know.
Look. we're moving
to the city tomorrow.
and Randy here.
he was just...
Well. he was hoping
to have a chance
to pay his respects
before we took off.
Please. miss.
it's a small favor.
But it would mean a lot.
Well...
All right.
I suppose
I can make an exception.
Thank you.
Let's see. Let's see.
Carol. I left the schedule
on my desk.
Of course. Mr. Sheppard.
Have a good evening.
I'll see you on Monday.
- Mr. Sheppard.
- Yes?
- Elliot Sheppard?
Yes. that's right.
You used to teach third grade
at Central Elementary.
Yes. Yes. I did.
That's been quite a while ago.
I'm sorry. uh. d... do I...?No. No. no. no. no.
No. I just knew somebody
who... who used to go there.
Well...
...nice to meet you.
I'll see you. Carol.
Have a good night. Mr. Sheppard.
1737 Hazel Drive. Centerwood.
It's just past the diner.
- Just follow Snowbank.
- Okay. Thank you.
A... and. Mr. Bradley.
I really think
you're doing the right thing.
Good for you.
Stay.
Hey. Sheppard.
Wait. No.
Stand up!
Wait. Benson.
Benson. Benson. no.
Benson. you can't. You...
Look. look. look.
We have Miss Beard's address.
We have to go find her.
You... you said--
You said you were doing...
doing this for me.
You... you told me to...
you told me to do something.
We're doing something.
Let's go!
Randy!
That... that guy--BENSON: You bring him up again.
and I'll kill you.
Things got fucked-up
back there.
You were right to intervene.
You're learning. huh?
Look. I told you
I was doing this for you.
and I meant it.
So let's just forget about it. huh?
Forget about him.
Everything's cool.
Everything's cool. right?
Randy?
Yeah. Definitely.
Good.
This is it?
This is it.
Do we really need...
Quiet. Crisco.
May I help you?
- It's a little late for visitors.
- Hi. W-- Uh. we...
Uh. we... Uh. Hi.
Randy?
Randy Bradley. is that you?
Yeah.  Hi.
Uh. H... How are you?
I'm doing well.
Randy. How are you?
- This is so unexpected.
- Uh. yeah. I guess it is.
Sorry.
No. there's no reason
to apologize.
Hello.
This is Benson.
Hi.
So. what brings you
out this way?
Um...
I. um...
I wanted to. uh...
I needed-- I'm sorry.
Do you want to maybe come inside
for a minute?
- Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Be careful. the walls
are still a little wet.
You can have a seat
if you want.
I'm good.
Can I use your restroom?
Sure.
It's right through there.
- just first door on the left.
- All right.
Here you go.
He's interesting.
Yeah.
Is he always so quiet?
Not really.
Are you feeling any better?
Yeah. Thank you.
I just wasn't expecting...
I don't know
what I was expecting.
Well...
I must say it's a bit of a shock
for me. too.
I don't normally get visits
from former students.
We were at the school
before we came here.
They had your address.
I hope that's okay.
Of course.
Miss Beard...
I know it's. um...
too late for me to do
anything about it. but. um.
I just... I... I wanted to...
I needed to tell you...
how sorry I am for. um...
about the...
about what happened.
I know it doesn't make it
any better. but I've...
felt absolutely terrible
about it for a really...
really long time and. um.
if it was...
Sorry. If there was. uh.
some... some way I could. um...
Uh. if I...
Is that...
My daughter.
You have a daughter?
Yes. Tessa.
So...
you're married?
Divorced.
She's at her dad's
for the weekend.
After the sabbatical...
I traveled for a bit.
Got involved with this guy.
Wound up in a marriage that
probably never should've been.
When you get older.
you'll see that
such things tend to happen
pretty easily if you let them.
But I... I can't complain.
If things hadn't happened
the way they did.
I wouldn't have her.
Wow. that's. uh...
I...
I think I expected you
to be less...
Happy?
Well...
...If you showed up here
ten years ago.
you might have found
more of what you were expecting.
After I lost the eye. I spent
a lot of time being miserable.
It took me a while
to realize that I was actually
pretty lucky that things
happened the way they did.
"Lucky"?
Yeah. Of course.
my life wasn't perfect.
Mm.
If all it took was
for one bad thing to happen
for me to lose my job.
my coworkers. my fiancé.
then none
of those things were worth
really having
in the first place.
And they all would've
disappointed me eventually.
Yeah. but weren't you
h... happier before?
Maybe I thought so at the time.
But I wouldn't want to go back.
The truth is...
everyone gets hurt. Randy.
Not everyone is ready for it.
You know. I...
I always wondered...
...if I would get a chance
to see you again.
You were such
a sweet little kid.
I was worried that whole...
...experience might have
shook you up a bit.
I guess I kind of always
assumed you...
- ...hated me.
- For what happened?
Of course not.
It takes a lot of energy
to hate a seven-year-old.
Anyway. it was really
brave of you to come see me.
Most people wouldn't have.
Let's go.
Get up. Let's go.
I'm sorry.
I was just cleaning up.
but if you'd like
some tea. there's--BENSON: No. no.
I'm good. I'm good.
We're actually gonna get going.
Oh. But you have
to at least tell me
how you know Randy here.
Uh. we work together.
Well. we used to work together.
Randy's real sorry
about your eye.
He told you that. right?
Yes. he did.
Good. Can we go?
Sorry. uh.
let me just answer that.
and then I'll see you two out.
Hello?
Hi. Carol.
What?
Wait. Slow down.
Oh. my God. that's horrible.
Uh. is he...
Oh. God.
Yeah. of course. I will.
Has anyone called Susan?
Everything okay?
Uh.
Someone just assaulted our...
vice principal
in the parking lot.
Hmm.
Is he alive?
Apparently. he was when
the ambulance got there. but...
No. he didn't make it
to the hospital.
Outside of a elementary school.
Randy. you were just there.
Did you hear anything
about that?
Um--BENSON: No.
No. we didn't hear anything
about it.
Shit.
No. no. Benson. No. no.
- Oh. my God.
- What are you doing?
- Put it away.
- Shut up.
I don't understand.
You can't kill her.
Well. we can't fucking
leave her here. can we?
Look. Benson. please--Hey!
I am not getting caught
on account of that fucking
shit stain of an old man!
Do you fucking understand me?
This isn't what you want.
- You don't know me!
You don't know
what the fuck I want!
You're the reason we fucking
came here in the first place!
This is your fucking fault!
Okay. okay. fine. yes.
it's my fault. but...
We're here because you wanted
to help me. Benson. Uh.
How is-- How is killing her
gonna help me?
My daughter.
- her name is Tessa.
- Don't say her name.
Shut up.
- She's eight.
Don't say her name.
- Shut up!
- She's about to have a birthday.
Shut the fuck up!
- I was gonna take her to...
Will you shut
this fucking dog up!
Quiet. Crisco. Quiet. baby.
Benson. you... you can't.
Stop telling me what I can
and can't do. Randy.
Okay. let's go.
Empty your pockets.
Wait. wait.
she's coming with us?
Empty your fucking--
She's coming with us.
Empty your pockets.
Can't we just...
Shut up!
Where are you taking us?
You're the one
who attacked Elliot?
Why would you do that?
Will you shut the fuck up?
But why are you--
Just shut up!
I was gonna fucking shoot you.
You're lucky Randy here
talked me out of it.
Just shut the fuck up.
You see. Randy here.
he was my little experiment
for the day.
Right. Randy?
And he had a few things
that he needed to work out.
and I was gonna help him
with those things.
Turns out that
you're one of them.
Now. if you want to know
why this is happening...
you can thank him.
Benson.
What. Randy?
I... I need to use the bathroom.
I can't help you. bro.
I... I haven't gone all day.
I kind of really need to go.
Well. then look
in the back seat!
Find a soda bottle or some shit.
I don't know.
It's not a bottle situation. Benson.
Of course it's not.
Are you fucking serious?
Benson.
Can I go?
I want my coffee first.
You could just
let us go. you know.
You could leave right now.
and no one would have to know
that this happened.
Stop talking.
You don't want
to make things worse
for yourself by taking hostages.
You have no idea
what's really happening
right now.
I'm gonna get my food.
I'm gonna get my coffee.
and then I'm going to decide
where we're going.
and then we are
going to go there.
because I'm deciding.
Not you.
No more talking.
Ready to order?
Yeah.
I'll take a coffee.
And y'all?
Well. what about food?
Just give us
another minute. will you?
Sure thing.
Can I go now?
Please. You can see
the bathroom right there.
Two minutes. Go.
9-1-1. What is your emergency?
I...
Uh.
There's... there's a situation
at the Kutzburg Diner.
What kind
of situation. sir? What's wrong?
There's a...
there's a... a man with a gun.
Is anyone hurt? Uh. No. no. Not yet.
But there's a man with a gun?
And he's dangerous?
Well. he... he might... Uh.
No. he... he's not necessarily
gonna hurt anyone. so--
But he has a gun?
And he's threatening people
with the gun?
Uh. no. Uh. Well. yes. he has
a gun but he...
Yeah. I'm...
I'm in the bathroom right now.
I have to go back out there.
Please stay
on the line if you can.
What's the address?
Uh. I don't... I don't know.
It's the Kutzburg Diner.
It's off of Route 100.
Just come quick.
Benson.
What?
I need to talk to you.
We need another minute.
You don't know me.
You don't know me at all.
And for you to insinuate
that I've wasted my life or...
or that I'm not a good mother
is wrong.
To say those things
to someone you don't even know.
- that's wrong.
- Come on. Marsha.
- It's time to head home.
No!
I've sacrificed a lot in life.
I have.
For you to come in here
and say those things is wrong.
You're wrong.
Leave these men alone.
I don't want him served
in this restaurant!
- Sweetheart.
- I'm not going! He's going!
- Take back what you said!
- Shut the fuck up!
Back up! Back the fuck up!
You. get the fuck
out of here now!
On the ground.
On the ground!
Don't fucking look at me!
Get on the ground.
I was making a fucking point.
It had nothing to do with you.
Do you fucking understand me?
I don't give a fuck
about your life!
Benson.
- What?
You have to stop.
What the f... What?
There's no...
there's no point
to what you're doing.
You told me...
Benson. you told me this woman
would never do anything
about what you said.
and she just did.
and you shot her for it.
Are you fucking
kidding me right now?
You're doing this shit
right now?
You've got
this whole fucked-up worldview.
like you've got it all
figured out. Benson. BENSON: Fuck!
But I've been sitting
next to you all day.
watching you drive
around the same roads
you've been driving around
your whole life--Who the fuck are you?
Who the fuck are you to talk
to me like this right now?
After everything
I've fucking done for you!
- Listen. Benson.
I am fucking listening
to you. Randy!
No.
Listen.
Oh. shit.
Fuck. Okay.
What the f...
Who called 'em? Who called 'em?
Who called 'em?
It was you.
It was you. wasn't it?
It was you. wasn't it.
you fucking bitch?
- You fucking bitch!
No. Benson. wai--
Shit. shit. shit. shit.
Fuck. Fuck. Stupid.
- Get a fucking-- Get something!
Okay.
Shit!  Goddamn it!
Why the fuck did you
do that. you fucking idiot?
Here. Here.
Fuck.
Fuck. Randy. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Fuck.
Oh. fuck. fuck.
I did it. I did it.
I did it.
I called the... cops.
I called...
I called the cops.
I c... I called the cops.
It was me.
You're still in charge. Benson.
You know. when I was a kid...
...I went to the zoo
on a class trip.
And when I came home...
I decided I wanted
to be a giraffe when I grew up.
Hmm.
I was never in charge. Randy.
Benson.
Hands up!
Get on the ground!
- Get on the fucking ground now!
Get your hands up now!
Gun! Gun! Gun!
Gun! Gun!
Do not move!
- Stay right there.
- Do not move your fucking hands!
Okay. don't move.
Now you're just
playing with the eraser.
Flick it right through.
- Like this?
Yeah.
Nice. That was... that was
pretty impressive. I must say.
Give it a really good flick.
- That was a really good flick.
I'm home.
Mom!
Hi. baby.
Can you help me put this away
in the kitchen?
Yeah.
- Just a second.
Hi. Mom.
Hi. Randy. Hey. how's--
It's fine. Mom. I'm just. uh...
just finishing up.
I was just. um...
Will you be home for dinner?
Uh.
I told you. Mom.
I'm meeting friends.
Okay. then.
Uh. sounds... sounds good.
All right. then. I'll see you tonight. Mom.
I love you. I love you. Bye.
Here you go.
Are you sure you're good
for next Tuesday?
Yep. I'll be here.
- Okay.
- Bye. Randy.
Bye.
Uh. hey. Miss Beard.
Yes?
Thanks for...
Thank you.
You too.
Okay.
So...
if you can do
a good job cleaning up.
we can make popcorn
for dessert.
Yeah. Yeah.
♪ Supersoaker MD50
Useless for a suicide ♪
♪ Six suburban faggots
Cruising useless on a joyride ♪
♪ Soaking down the passersby
Laughing just in time to fly ♪
♪ I'm waiting for you
On the curb ♪
♪ Punk bitches gonna die ♪
♪ Stroking my .380
For a real fucking homicide ♪
♪ Broken bottle in my hand ♪
♪ Now I'm sure
You'll understand ♪
♪ Your water pistols
Can't disguise ♪
♪ Symbol of the world's demise ♪
♪ My eyes are bleeding
'Cause they're burning ♪
♪ Now I'm screaming
Heads are turning ♪
♪ Only kids just having fun
Laughing. water in the sun ♪
♪ But. Mom
I'm gonna cut your boy ♪
♪ For playing
With a stupid toy ♪
♪ Fucking with a man
That has to take a stand ♪
♪ Against those fake
Motherfucking pussies ♪
♪ Getting dickie mad as fuck ♪
♪ And jarheads
I take my pipe wrench ♪
♪ Take the windshield
Off your fucking truck ♪
♪ Glass in your eyes
And nose on the dash ♪
♪ I'm laughing like a maniac
As I watch you crash ♪